I'm just gonna honestly
congratulate you all for
making it all the way through today.
We covered a lot of stuff, we have
all the resources you need to kind of
backtrack and look at all the examples
we did on the site and then the GitHub.
But I wanted to put a few more out there,
in case you want to
learn more about Solid.
We have our website, which we were
using today for the tutorials,
but we also have a beta doc site,
which is still working progress, but
it has much better guides for
beginners, we go into detail.
Let you configure like what framework
you're coming from, if you are TypeScript,
JavaScript, and make a more
personalized feel for learning Solid,
which is really powerful.
It's still a work in progress but
it's gonna be the best way to
learn Solid in the future.
SolidStart also has its own docs site,
where you can learn all about
the features of SolidStart.
If you've used React-use or View-use,
we have something called Solid primitives.
And Solid-primitives is community managed,
it has a whole number of packages in here,
for different,
what app development audio bounce
clipboard, all the kind of utility,
local storage, kind of stuff that
you'd want to use in a solid app.
The Solid website also has links
to more resources and articles.
There's over 200 ecosystem libraries,
everything from MUI to OPUI,
which is like our chakra UI port,
all 10 are Lindsay's projects solid query,
solid table.
And a link to whole bunch of resources,
articles and videos.
And finally,
I put a couple of my own links in here.
I have about 80 to 100 articles on Dev2,
that I've written about various topics,
about front-ends, and
a stream every Friday, pretty much.
So hopefully you've
learned something today,
I had a lot of fun teaching you all.
Thank you for coming.
>> [APPLAUSE]